docs(org-service): update connector config to moderne.custom-integrations.organization-service (#892)
moderneinc/moderne-docs: docs/administrator-documentation/moderne-platform/how-to-guides/org-service.md

**Arguments:**

| Argument Name                                                     | Required | Default | Description                                                                                                       |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `--moderne.custom-integrations.organization-service.uri`          | `true`   |         | The URL of your organizations service's GraphQL endpoint.                                                          |

Author: ```suggestion
| `--moderne.custom-integrations.organization-service.uri`          | `true`   |         | The URL of your GraphQL service that provides access control for your organizations or commit message customization.                                                          |
```
